There will be no ghosts, right?
So what do we do now?
Find medicine to save people first.
HAS.
I found it.
Feed the Bang Leader quickly.
So now we should report the situation of the flat boxing gate to the fair lord.
What happened here was strange.
Okay, let's see if there are any survivors.
Find out what's going on.
I want to help.
Something is wrong, he won't take the ghost away like the people at the sparrow gate right?
What are you thinking?
This world has no ghosts and gods.
Even if there really are ghosts
Every ghost you fear is not the one others remember.
So...
So what now?
As long as it is human made.
Will definitely show the horse's legs.
So what are we doing tonight?
We sleep together.
After midnight
I am on guard
HAS.
Damn it.
Where is the blood door?